Stock Price Predicting Project

Goal
For this project, I would like to be able to predict where a stock price is giong to go.

History
I have been interested in algorithmic trading for a while. The problem is relatively hard
and there is the potential to make money if you can solve the issue well. A few years ago I read 
Ernest P Chan's book "Quantitative Trading: How To Build Your Own Algorithmic Trading Business". 
It was a good read and I started messing around in my free time. I haven't done anything in the last 
year or so, but the furthest I got was being able to pull data. It appears that pulling data is a bit harder
than it would seem as most companies don't want to give away historical stock quote data for free, especialy 
not at less than day fidelity. I did attempt to clean my data and use it in some algorithms, which proved to 
be unsucessful. But, in testing out my algorithms I found the data to not be very clean in unexpected ways. 
I started working on cleaning the data, but I have yet to be able to fully clean the data to the point I have 
confidence in it's correctness.

Assumptions and Requirements:
I would like to scope this project to be for a start-up like venture without much funding. As there is not much 
previous work to draw on, I don't think it wise to go for "gold". In this case that would be actual price prediction.
Instead, I think we should focus on predicting if the price will go up or down. Though I may need to modify this to 
will it go up by a minimum amount to make it worth taking the risk.

Assumptions:
- The production machines that would run an algorithm cannot get trade data faster than once a minute. Higher fidelity data, 
  like every second would require a stronger network connection to the market and expensive equipment that the startup cannot 
  afford.
- The company will only invest a relavtively small amount in any algorithm developed. This would be in the low tens of thousands of 
  dollars. This is because it is a startup without a lot of cash.
- All trades have the standard fees (All fees rounded up to the nearest cent):
    + $0.000166 per share (capped at $8.30 for a transaction) when selling.
    + $0.0001381 per dollar when selling.
    + $0.0000265 per share when buying or selling.
- The company does not have the ability to trade after hours and does not want to hold stocks over night or over the weekend.

Requirements:
- Any algorithm that is produced must come up with an answer within 30 seconds.
    + This is to allow the rest of the trading system time to get the input and make the necessary trades once per minute.
- Any algorithm produced must not be able to meaninfully change the price of the stock. 
    + This should be fine for low tens of thousands of dollars on most stocks. We'll need to make sure there is a high enough 
      average volume for any stock picked.
- Any algorithm produced must not take more than an amount in the low tens of thousands to be profitable.
- Any algorithm produced must still be profitable even after accounting for the standard transaction fees.
- Any algorithm needs to completely sell any positions at the end of the trading day. No holding over night or over the weekend.
- Any algorithm needs to have a minimum return percent to make it worth it. ... TODO: Come up with this measure. Ideally would beat S&P 500.

